.\" pcb-rnd - manual
.\" Copyright (C) 2016 Tibor 'Igor2' Palinkas
.\" 
.\" This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\" the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
.\" (at your option) any later version.
.\" 
.\" This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\" 
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
.\" with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
.\" 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.
.\" 
.\" Contact: pcb-rnd[removethis]@igor2.repo.hu
.TH pcb-rnd 1 2016-10-29 "" "pcb-rnd manual"
.SH NAME
pcb-rnd - Printed Circuit Board editor
.SH SYNPOSIS
.nf
.sp
\fBpcb-rnd [\fIoptions\fB] [\fIinputfile\fB]
.fi
.SH DECSRIPTION

.BR pcb-rnd
is a modular PCB editor. The main use is interactive editing. If no \fI-x\fR is specified on the command line, the graphical editor mode is initiated. Automated, headless processing is also possible with \fI-x\fR or \fI--gui batch\fR.
.SH OPTIONS


.TP

.B -x \fIexporter\fR [\fIexportflags] \fIinputfile\fR\fR 
Instead of interactive editing, export the design (loaded from \fIinputfile\fR) to a file using the specified \fIexporter\fR plugin. A list of exporter-specific parameters may follow to control the details of the process. 
.TP

.B --gui \fIhid\fR 
Use the \fIhid\fR plugin for the "gui" frontend. Common choices are "gtk" or "lesstif" for graphical user intrfaces and "batch" for a headless command-line interface (or automated batch processing). 
.TP

.B -c \fIpath=val\fR 
Set a config node in role CFR_CLI. The path of the node is \fIpath\fR (e.g. editor/grid) and the new value is \fIval\fR (e.g. 5mm).
.PP

